# Assignment: Setting Up Nginx and Deploying Netflix Clone

## Introduction
In this assignment, you will set up Nginx on an Ubuntu environment using the Killer Code Playground. You will then deploy a Netflix clone application and verify its functionality.

## Steps

1. **Access Killer Code Playground**
    - Go to [Killer Code Playground](https://killercoda.com/playgrounds).
    - Select Ubuntu as the operating system.

2. **Check Ubuntu OS Version**


3. **Update Package Lists and Install Nginx**

4. **Manage Nginx Service using systemctl**
    - Stop Nginx service:
    - Start Nginx service:
    - Check status of Nginx service:

5. **Configure Traffic Port on Killer Code Playground**
    - Click on the menu in the upper-left corner.
    - Select "Traffic Port."
    - Choose port 80.

6. **Verify Nginx Installation**
    - Check if the Nginx welcome page is displayed.

7. **Clean /var/www/html Directory**
    - Delete any existing files in the directory:

8. **Clone Netflix Clone Repository**
    - Navigate to the home directory:
        ```bash
        cd /home/ubuntu
        ```
    - Clone the repository:
        ```bash
        git clone -b build https://github.com/Anshuman2121/netflix-clone.git
        ```

9. **Deploy Netflix Clone**
    - Navigate to the Netflix Clone directory:
        ```bash
        cd netflix-clone
        ```
    - Copy all files to `/var/www/html`:
        ```bash
        cp -r * /var/www/html/
        ```

10. **Verify Netflix Clone Deployment**
    - Verify if the Netflix Clone application is running successfully.


11. **Verify Nginx Logs /var/log/nginx/**
    - View the beginning of the log file:
    - View the end of the log file:
    - View the log file with less command:

12. **Verify Live Nginx Logs**
    - View live logs using tail -f:

