
## Linux Assignment 1

1. Go to this link for Linux terminal: [JS Linux](https://bellard.org/jslinux/)
2. Use the `whoami` command to display the current user.
3. Use the `pwd` command to display the present working directory.
4. Use the `date` command to display the current date and time.
5. Go to the /home directory and use the `pwd` command to verify the current directory.
6. Create a new directory called "linux_gyan" in your home directory (/home).
7. Go to the "linux_gyan" directory.
8. Create two new directories, "gyan1" and "gyan2," in the "linux_gyan" directory, like /home/linux_gyan/gyan1 and /home/linux_gyan/gyan2.
9. Use the `ls` command to list the contents of the "linux_gyan" directory.
10. Create a new file called "file1.txt" in the "linux_gyan" directory.
11. Edit "file1.txt" using the `nano` command and add the string "Hello World!".
12. Use the `cp` command to create copies of "file1.txt" named "file2.txt" and "file3.txt".
13. Use the `cat` command to view the contents of "file1.txt", "file2.txt", and "file3.txt".
14. Move "file2.txt" to the "gyan1" directory.
15. Move "file3.txt" to the "gyan2" directory.
16. List the contents of "gyan1" and "gyan2" using the `ls` command.
17. Remove "file1.txt", "gyan1", and "gyan2" using appropriate commands.

## Linux Assignment 2

1. Check the number of CPUs.
2. Check the RAM in the system.
3. Check the disk size.
4. Check Operating System details.
5. Check the IP address of the system.
6. Check the uptime of the system.
7. Check which processes are currently running.
8. Terminate any one process.
9. Check the size of the /var directory.
10. Check the date and time of the system.
