## Assignment1

**Instructions:**
1. Access the terminal emulator by visiting the following link: [JS Linux Terminal Emulator](https://bellard.org/jslinux/).
2. Create two folders in the `/home` directory: `John` and `Emma`.
3. In the `John` folder, create a file called `invitation.txt` and write "You are invited by John."
4. In the `Emma` folder, create a file called `invitation.txt` and write "You are invited by Emma."
5. Create two folders in the `/tmp` directory: `David` and `Ella`. 
6. Go to the `David` folder:
   - Display the content of the `invitation.txt` file you have created in the `Emma` folder using an absolute path.
   - Display the content of the `invitation.txt` file you have created in the `Emma` folder using a relative path.
7. Go to the `Ella` folder:
   - Display the content of the `invitation.txt` file you have created in the `John` folder using an absolute path.
   - Display the content of the `invitation.txt` file you have created in the `John` folder using a relative path.
8. Delete the `invitation.txt` files created in both the `John` and `Emma` folders.

## Assignment2

**Instructions:**
1. Create a file called `file.txt`.
2. Add the text "Hello World" to the `file.txt` using the `echo` command.
3. Set permissions on `file.txt` to `rwxrwxrwx` using the `chmod` command.
4. Add a new user named `john` using the `useradd` command.
5. Switch user to `john` using the `su - john` command.
6. Attempt to view the contents of the `file.txt` using the `cat` command and try to add the text "I am user john" using the `echo` command.
7. Exit from the `john` user.
8. Change permissions on `file.txt` to `rwxrwxr--`.
9. Switch back to the `john` user.
10. Try to view the contents of `file.txt` using the `cat` command and then try to add the text "Hello".
11. If permission denied, consider the assignment completed.

